c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\bin\Debug\FractalViewer.exe.config
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.exe
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.pdb
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\bin\Debug\FractalViewer.exe
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\bin\Debug\FractalViewer.pdb
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\bin\Debug\sr-Latn\FractalViewer.resources.dll
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.AboutForm.resources
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.FractalsForm.resources
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.OptionsForm.resources
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.AboutForm.sr-Latn.resources
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.FractalsForm.sr-Latn.resources
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.OptionsForm.sr-Latn.resources
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.read.1.tlog
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.write.1.tlog
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\fractalviewer2\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\sr-Latn\FractalViewer.resources.dll
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\bin\Debug\FractalViewer.exe.config
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\bin\Debug\FractalViewer.exe
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\bin\Debug\FractalViewer.pdb
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\bin\Debug\sr\FractalViewer.resources.dll
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.AboutForm.resources
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.FractalsForm.resources
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.OptionsForm.resources
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.AboutForm.sr.resources
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.FractalsForm.sr.resources
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.OptionsForm.sr.resources
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\sr\FractalViewer.resources.dll
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.exe
C:\Users\mladen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FractalViewer\FractalViewer\obj\x86\Debug\FractalViewer.pdb
